\section{Customer}
Our direct customers are the companies that package and sell welding systems to other companies. 
These companies are responsible for getting in contact with the end users. 
They will know their needs and how to reach them. 
These users tend to be companies that produce small to medium batches, which typically have experience with the automation of welding robots.

We want to make it easy for our customers to package our solution with their existing products.
To do this we will adapt our solution to be able to work with existing welding robots.

Despite all robots differences in protocol, the basic principal stays the same.
To make a product as soon as possible we would start working with a single company so there is only one type of robot programming protocol.

\section{Market}
We want to focus on distributors located in Denmark.
This makes logistical issues easier and until we have a product that we can send out everywhere we want to work closely with our customers.

One of our first customers would be Valk Welding. This company creates welding systems based on Panasonic robots. They try to create programs that makes easier the welding process, minimizing the time required to program the robot.

Valk weldings customers is mainly using offline programming.
With a complete knowledge of the item that should be welded and the positioning of the robot they can program the way an item should be welded.
The programming is made in a very high level language that keeps track of the coordinates, the speed and the angles of the weld.
With macros that aid the programmer making the same routines in different places the time it takes to program the robot is drastically reduced.

We can add value to them by letting them expand to business that requires a more flexible solution

Another of our first customers would be the company Weld-Tech Aps. 
This company is already working with automatic welding, but currently has the restriction that all work pieces need to have a similar pattern. 
This might hinder their ability to attracting new customers.

This makes us able to solve one of their problems. 

When the product is finished we want to expand to be able to use this technology for bigger and more complex welding jobs.

In the case of Valk welding we want to be able to replace the training course and the end customer will save money by having a smaller staff or producing more items. 
Currently a training course in online programming costs around 100,000 DKK. 
The yearly pay of a worker amounts to 300,000 DKK.\\

To know more or less the potential of our market, we should say that Valk Welding sold 22 robotic systems in Denmark last year. Although it is not too much, this is one of the countries in which is increasing the demand, in other countries such us, Netherlands or Sweden, they sold around 100 units. But the highest potential is in other continents, in Asia they are starting to create lots of new companies and they are buying lots of machinery for their companies. Although, they cant afford right now buying our technology, due to the high prices we will have, we don't discard the option of expanding into that continent in a future. Other the biggest market is in USA, here the competence is huge, there are lots of companies developing new technology every day, but if the company goes well in Europe, we see that like a good option for a future.

Focusing in Europe, the market here is perfect for us. In most countries they have been very react to use new methods of welding, such us, the off-line programming, so it make easier to sell our product to companies, because is one of the easiest ways to weld and that is what they are looking for. They want to focus on other things about the company, and as their production is not based on welding, but it is a process in the chain of production, they want to make it as easy and flexible as possible, so they can focus on other aspects of the company.\\

Competition is another factor to consider if you look inside the market. In our case, we will have little direct competition, since not many companies sell similar to ours needs covering the same product. On the other hand, the welding market competition is fierce, many large companies competing for obtain the largest market share and prices of these companies are significantly lower than those of small companies like ours. So every small business trying to compete in their own way, in our case will be applying the latest technology, which will meet the needs of customers who get almost any company.
Some of the companies that could be considered competition are as follows:

\section{Trends}

The trends in this industry are constantly changing. Companies invest heavily in new technologies to gain a competitive advantage. This means that there are always incorporating new ideas to this sector, but we must always look at the cost stemming and the final price of the product, as SMEs are not willing to pay much for slightly improve welding method.
Today, in modern welding systems there are two variants. On one side is the online programming, where programming is very tedious and takes a long time to complete the program. For a complex part, this may take up to 3 or 4 weeks.
On the other hand, is offline programming which program using a greatly shorten the time required for programming. It usually takes 2 to 3 days to make the program.
But there are many companies that are dedicated to the development of automatic welding, like us. This field is still in development and many companies create their prototypes. But what makes these products to become popular is it´s high price, the technology is expensive and SMEs cannot spend much money on a robot like these. Therefore, many companies instead of focusing solely on the development of technology, the give more importance to the final price. So we get to reduce the final price of the product, as this will go through an intermediary company, which will make its own changes, so the price it will be a little high at first. Still, many companies are interested in blind robots, as the competitive advantages will afford them to make distance from the rest, increasing its market share.
